res://scenes/entities/ZedCharacterBody2D.tscn
res://scenes/levels/Timer1.gd
res://scenes/UI/pause_menu.gdshader
res://assets/Scripts/classes/level.gd
res://scenes/levels/level_01.tscn
res://scenes/entities/ZedCharacterBody2D.gd
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/danger_zone.gd
res://scenes/main.tscn
res://scenes/levels/level_02.tscn
res://scenes/levels/level_03.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Level 1/Crab.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Level 1/Snake.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/danger_zone.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/danger_zone_1.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/danger_zone_2.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/danger_zone_2.gd
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_3.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_3.gd
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_2.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_4.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_4.gd
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_5.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_5.gd
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_6.gd
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_6.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_7.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_7.gd
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_8.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_8.gd
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_9.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_9.gd
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_10.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_10.gd
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_11.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_11.gd
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_12.tscn
res://scenes/entities/Obstacles/Danger Zones/danger_zone_12.gd
res://scenes/levels/jump_to_next_level_2.tscn
res://scenes/levels/jump_to_next_level_2.gd
